Hi folks.
Today's Tuesday, May the 12th. My name
is Anne-Marie Band, and this is the
Money Ball Morning Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, gamma flows by
Menthor Q, news by Benzinga Pro,
and
data analytics by Trade Wave.
So, taking a look at
where the chart is this morning, it's
very interesting.
Notice,
price tends to go where the volume is.
So, what do we got?
We broke, here we are. This was our
closing formation
yesterday.
When we opened
the Globex event, we tried to break
above it.
Remember, this is the planting of the
flag, and these are traders going, "All
right, let's take it long, brand new
highs." So, they break out of the
Globex, but they can't hold it. So, what
this tells us is,
hang on,
this number at 7439,
that's going to make a difference today.
If we can get above that, we're probably
off to the races.
If we can't,
we've got downside flow continuing. Now,
we are well below that. We are
almost 30 points below that, um at this
juncture. So,
the question is, what happens then?
Well, if you lose the volume event,
you're going to slip into the next
volume event. First, you're going to
slip into the one that's nearest, and
then you're going to slip into the one
that's biggest. So, we actually have
a congestion of volume.
What does congestion tell us?
Inside formations, inside formations,
inside formations. So, this is noise.
The entire region, they are trying to
hold the floor
and trying to make a break.
That's what the buyers are trying to do.
Maybe they're not going to be able to do
it this time around. Do I suspect some
sort of fake? Well, I do because we've
been running amok.
We've been going crazy. So, I do expect
that. However,
as long as we stay inside of the flows,
from the high volume candles
and
our opening candle range, you can see
we're right on the edge. We're okay. So,
legitimately
from a trending space, you could say,
"Hey,
I'm going to go long right here.
I'm going to take this for 7410."
What would your stop be
if you took 7410?
Well, your stop would need to be about
7400.
Why? Because these wicks are in the way.
Momentum is flat,
but they could come in and I know the
new people like to call this liquidity
sweeps, right?
I just call it, you know, running stops,
whatever, okay? But that's what we're
seeing. We could easily see this sort of
formation. So, what do you want to do?
If you want to wait, that's perfectly
fine. Collapse down to a tight time
frame, wait for the formation to lift.
The goal is, can you break the high? And
that's going to be getting up over 7420,
which is where the VWAP is sitting this
morning. The anchored VWAP is way above
here at 7434. Could we break up there?
Yeah. Listen, a lot of people are going
to try and buy this. Why? Uh cuz they
bought it here and they moved to a brand
new high.
Yeah, they got they got rewarded
yesterday. They're going to try to get
today. Remember, we traders, we're
simpletons. We go,
we say, "I bet there's a $100 bill
sitting over there in the corner. So,
I'm going to get it."
Easy. That's how you do it. Okay? So,
risk events, if it breaks the edge and
heads lower,
what what are we looking at? Break of
the 200, test of yesterday's pivot,
that's 7394, and then potentially a move
into 7377,
7385.
Is this reasonable? Yeah. Has the market
been reasonable lately? Uh, no.
No.
I think not. Um,
>> [clears throat]
>> I've had a lot of caffeine this morning,
and I can tell.
And I'm sure you can, too. But anyways,
that's what we're staring down. The dips
make buy zones, and
that's what we're looking at.
Could we flush? Yes. How What do you do
then?
You manage your stops.
You don't sit out and go, "Ooh, I better
not do that."
I'm just going to stand away. Listen, it
takes risk to make money.
Just manage the risk.
Go down to where the stops are and say,
"I'm not playing unless it holds there."
All right, let's move to the NQ. What do
we got?
So,
huh.
Here are some high volume candles for us
to
watch.
Here's this one.
Right? So, we're staring down our price
action. We're under the 50, under the
VWAP, under the pivot. All of this says
bearish. However,
the measured move for the closing trade
puts us at a support zone right here.
Right? And that's the measured move off
of
this candlestick of May 8.
That is the market on close candlestick,
and that's what we're staring down. Now,
here's our next bet.
Very big candlestick yesterday.
Not a beautiful one, I can tell you. You
don't really if you're long, you really
don't want to see a candlestick that
looks like this.
But, as long as it holds a floor, you're
in good shape.
Here is
the 11:00 the yeah, 10:30 to 11:00. This
is
um
This is an interesting candlestick. They
attempted to buy the initial balance
low, and they did very well taking it to
the initial balance high.
Remember, I use opening range, that's
9:30 to 10:00.
This is 10:00 to 10:30. That completes
the initial balance. And so very often,
if you sit inside, if you try to break
down but you get back in, you can trade
to the top of the range, that's what the
traders did. Looks really nice. They
traded and they held the area, but they
had a double top.
And that double top was also the top of
value area high, that's 29,700.
Excuse me, 29,475.
Now, let's take a look again.
Here is
inside formation for the market on close
again.
So, what does that say?
Inside of the opening range. So,
literally, if we went long somewhere in
the opening range, we're flat to
potentially up
by the closing candle.
Traders said the same thing. They came
out, said, "We got to get up here. We
got to make some new highs." Couldn't do
it. So, what are they going to do?
They're going to walk it down to the
high volume candle. Then, they're going
to try and move it up again.
Barely had a shot at that. You can see
the tiny formation that is a doji, and
then
as soon as it loses that edge, what does
it do?
It goes to the bottom, and really it
breaks
the bottom of that opening range and
goes all the way down into the closing
candle of May 8th.
Right?
The last volume event. So, all of this,
again,
here's a candle, that candle's inside,
potentially sharing part of that. This
candlestick inside the 9:30, Globex
candlestick inside the market on close
candle inside
this candle. So, we've got ourselves a
little bit of sideways pressure that
built up in the overnight, and now the
traders are saying, "Wait a second. I've
got to get right back up into this
range." Guess what they're not able to
do right now.
They are having trouble entering the
high volume candle.
If they can't enter the high volume
candle,
and they keep rejecting it, they'll go
to the base, 29,161.
That's where you've been seeing the
buyers.
And then,
if it bounces, but it still can't get
above there, guess where it's headed.
The big candlestick down here on May
8th. Right? That opening range candle.
So,
that also happens to be where the zero
DTE put wall is, 29,100.
We'll see if it's able to hold that
zone.
Right?
It either will or it won't.
My thought is, they're going to try and
make it hold, but clearly, we are
looking at trend and momentum
that is
a little bit on
the short side. That being said, they're
still buying the wicks. So, you want to
be very careful. If you're thinking
about a short here, your stop is going
to be at the top of this box, at 29,255.
That's a 60-point stop loss.
I I love that.
I mean, you could love it. I don't love
it. I would wait to see what happens
there or go to tighter timeframe and let
it work out. Very quickly,
remember
the YM, I said, "Hey, the YM's kind of
leading the way." Or maybe it isn't. And
now it's lifting. So,
the other indices are fading and now
this one is lifting. So, it's
potentially suggesting to us that dips
are buys in the broad ES and NQ markets,
this one is still literally caught in a
peat bog, but it is above the 50.
It's below the 200, but both of them are
trending up. Dips are buys here. Where's
the nice dip? Well, yesterday I
mentioned, "Hey, if it comes in 49,627,
it's a nice buy." Now, it's well off of
that zone,
making higher lows.
>> [sighs]
>> We want to recover this 200, okay? If we
cannot get above
the pivot from
What day is that? Friday. 29,819.
This is caught in downside pressure.
Could you trade it up into that zone?
Yes, but it's sticky, right?
And here is the volume candlestick
in this formation.
Very big volume candlestick and we're
right in the middle of it. So, for me,
a little bit of a no-fly zone. I would
wait for the edges. Something to pull
down and tell me I've got a buy zone,
49,560
or 49,627.
All right, let's take a look at micro
Bitcoin.
Okay, so this one's fading.
I thought, "Hey, listen, why don't we
see if 81,000 is a good buy?"
So, here's the thing.
It came to 81,000 yesterday at the 10:00
candlestick and broke down. How do we
trade these lines? When I say, "Hey,
take a look at that one." The goal is,
can it come in to that moving average?
Notice, the 200 is there. Sticky.
You've got to wait for it to fade and
then lift.
Right? It is a look below and fail.
So, you let it look below the line and
when it recovers, you take the low.
Let's say that feels crummy to you.
Well, look to the left
to see where they've been buying the dip
and then anticipate that.
And Bob's your uncle. Right? So,
that gives you a little bit more risk.
Uh little bit less risk, excuse me. So,
what do we have here?
Gamma has flipped negative.
So, we are now in
a little bit of a pullback regime from
the price action events. And so, what we
are seeing is a potential drift to the
put wall at 80,000.
If you say to yourself, "Yeah, it's not
doing that. It's going to lift."
Then this 80,800 is just as nice a place
unless you want to wait for 80,500, at
which point that's also a great
opportunity. Okay?
You could certainly do that.
Works fantastic. All right?
Okay. Yeah.
That's what we're staring down for
Bitcoin. It's under a flat 50. It's
under a flat 200. It's under
uh the VWAP. It's under the anchor VWAP.
It's under the pivot.
Bosses are sell zones. So, if you're
holding this for a great big run-up to
the sky,
I don't know. Let's say,
temper your expectations.
All right, let's go to oil.
Woah.
Okay. So, oil continues to rise.
Um
I drive a hybrid that uses uh
the a high grade of um
a high grade fuel and
it was
$5.79 a gallon yesterday. And I remember
the last time I paid $5.79, it was when
Katrina happened. I don't know if you
guys remember that. Katrina. So,
that being said, yeah,
uh fuel's expensive. You know, I don't
go very many places cuz I'm a hermit and
I'm always staring at charts, but
>> [laughter]
>> I was thinking to myself, wow, that's
expensive for
um
travel.
Okay.
Let's have a peek. Here's oil.
Uh gap up yesterday. Let's take a look
for high volume.
High volume, woah, that's compression.
All right, so we have a high volume
compression event that it broke right
through.
It's pretty nice.
Right, it broke right through and now
it's heading to the north.
Um
I
Folks, I wanted to tell you that gas and
and
fuel and energy is going to be cheaper,
but it's not.
Um and if it's cheaper, it's only going
to be cheaper for a hot minute.
Um okay, so what are we doing? Dips are
buys. Monstrous flow. Look at the
change. That 50 simple moving average on
the 30 was just dramatic
uh during the opening cycle event.
>> [snorts]
>> So, let's take a look
and see if we can find candle flows
that put us near our current range. And
we do have one. It is from May the 5th.
Okay? So, they're halfway through this
candle. Top the candle is 103. My
expectation is that we head to the top.
Get to that 103 area.
Um I believe
the halting of the
uh
taxes on fuel
are
you know, they're going to give us some
kind of relief, but not not much. Um
I I don't I don't know. Uh you know,
politics. But anyways, here's what we're
seeing. The breach up into this area.
If it expands,
the next Oops, that's not what I wanted.
The next zone
would be to the north at 105.
Right? So, here we have $2 upside.
Momentum is Woo!
Really big. But it's, you know, this is
where the chart normally sort of rotates
unless we have some kind of dreadful
news. Okay? And the markets are still
getting propped up a little bit. Dips
are buys.
And the motion is going to send us to
the north.
103 105. If per happenstance we get
fortunate enough to get price action
down to 96,
it's buy
in the near term.
All right. Let's take a good gold.
So, the dollar is running up at a clip
uh this morning. Yesterday it was
had a case of the zoomies, and so,
um,
what does that say about what we might
be able to consider with gold? Now,
someone writing a blog proposed, "Hey,
you know, I bet oil and the mar- excuse
me, I bet gold and the market both run
to the upside together."
I don't think that this is an
extraordinary thing to consider based on
what might be happening. So, let's just
look at the flows. We have a 200 that's
up, we have a 50 that's up. We're under
the pivot,
so that's a little bit bearish. We need
to get above the pivot. That number's 47
20 or so,
right? And we want to recover the VWAP,
which is 4731.
Is this a potential place to buy?
My thought is yes.
What's the stop?
I'm going to need about 15 points of
risk, and it could easily bounce and
collapse because the VWAP is down and
momentum is down. So, they've been
hunting support. It just looks like this
might be it.
If you want to scalp your way to the
north, you can. So, there's a fair bit
of motion that's possible here.
You just want to be careful with size
because, as you know,
things can fall off a cliff
pretty quick-like, and so, you just want
to be cautious.
So, here is
the last high-volume candle of note.
Problem is, we're not getting We're not
getting back up in here very nicely. So,
if you do take this long,
I
I believe it would not be unreasonable
to cover at about 4750.
Right? It just uh
it looks bearish. Now, as you know, I I
believe that there's a lot of selling in
gold so people can pay bills, but at
some point the number's going to come in
and it's going to be relatively cheap to
the interested parties and they're going
to start buying it again. All right? I
don't know where that is. And what I'm
seeing right now is a great big mosh pit
of motion. So, we want to be very
careful about keeping ideas that are too
heavily anchored in one direction or
another.
And of course, I'm preaching to the
choir there because I got to tell you, I
I can get some biases in my mind and the
market sometime has to hit me over the
head with a very large club.
Okay, here we are looking at spy. What
do I think?
You know, they're going to try and fill
the gap.
But if they can't, we're going to head
to the bottom of this range where the
put wall is. Now, they want to hold the
put wall, which is 735.
And that's the zero DTE put wall.
The
No.
The closing candlestick formation
is way up here at 738. So, I would look
for a collapse right around that zone.
If it can't get above there,
a short looks really nice. If not, it
can go all the way up to 740 again and
then we play another game of seek and
destroy if that happens to happen.
Right? So,
that would be what I would suspect.
Okay? Hey, listen. Take care.
Trade small or not at all and manage
your risk so that you can trade another
day. All right? Take care. I'll see you
on the streams.